Correct the Existential Deposit amount (#984)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/maintain-guides-how-to-nominate-polkadot.md

dynamic based on a variety of factors including the load of recent blocks.

Also be mindful of the reaping threshold - the amount that must remain in an account lest it be

> burned. That amount is 1 DOT on Polkadot, so it's recommended to keep around 10 DOT in your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
burned. That amount is 1 DOT on Polkadot, so it's recommended to keep at least 1.5 DOT in your
```
